Add database script for MediaWiki 1.43 (#882)
wbstack/api: database/mw/README.md

Make sure you have updated the docker-compose-clean.yml to:

- For adding extensions?
- Update maintWikWiki.json to match the defaults needs to load all extension from the mw image

**Preparing the MediaWiki image:**

> Checkout the [wbstack/mediawiki](https://github.com/wbstack/mediawiki) repository and navigate to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout the [wbstack/mediawiki](https://github.com/wbstack/mediawiki) pull request for the new version of MediaWiki you want to build the sql file for and navigate to it.
```

This is an example install command with `WikibaseEdtf` excluded:
```

> WBS_DOMAIN=maint php ./w/maintenance/install.php --dbserver sql-clean --dbuser root --dbpass toor --dbname wiki --extensions AdvancedSearch,CirrusSearch,Cite,CodeEditor,CodeMirror,ConfirmAccount,ConfirmEdit,DeleteBatch,Echo,Elastica,EmbedVideo,EntitySchema,Gadgets,InviteSignup,JsonConfig,Kartographer,Mailgun,Math,MobileFrontend,MultimediaViewer,Nuke,OAuth,PageImages,ParserFunctions,Poem,RevisionSlider,Score,Scribunto,SecureLinkFixer,SpamBlacklist,StopForumSpam,SyntaxHighlight_GeSHi,TemplateData,TemplateSandbox,TextExtracts,Thanks,ThatSrc,TorBlock,TwoColConflict,UniversalLanguageSelector,VisualEditor,WikiEditor,WikiHiero,Wikibase,WikibaseCirrusSearch,WikibaseInWikitext,WikibaseLexeme,WikibaseLexemeCirrusSearch,WikibaseManifest,cldr --pass AdminPass0 SiteName AdminName

Reviewer: How come these extensions are removed and added? I think we should probably document the reasoning somewhere ™️ for future reference.
